MNT unvendor cloudpickle (#1775)
joblib/joblib: README.rst

Dependencies
============

- Joblib supports Python versions starting from 3.9.

> - The only mandatory dependency is `cloudpickle <https://github.com/cloudpipe/cloudpickle>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The only dependency is `cloudpickle 3.0+ <https://github.com/cloudpipe/cloudpickle>`.
```
